Git providers supporting CI (#6692)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_git-providers-supporting-ci.md

> ## Git providers who support CI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Availability of features by Git provider
```
Suggest a title like this instead, since we say that CI jobs are possible for any provider if you trigger it with the admin API.

- If your git provider has a [native dbt Cloud integration](/docs/cloud/git/git-configuration-in-dbt-cloud), you can seamlessly set up [continuous integration (CI)](/docs/deploy/ci-jobs) jobs directly within dbt Cloud. 

> - For providers without native integration, you can still use the git clone method to import your git URL or leverage the [dbt Cloud Administrative API](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/admin-cloud-api) to trigger a ci job to run.

Author: ```suggestion
- For providers without native integration, you can still use the git clone method to import your git URL or leverage the [dbt Cloud Administrative API](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/admin-cloud-api) to trigger a CI job to run.
```

> - For providers without native integration, you can still use the git clone method to import your git URL or leverage the [dbt Cloud Administrative API](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/admin-cloud-api) to trigger a CI job to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For providers without native integration, you can still use the git clone method to import your git URL and leverage the [dbt Cloud Administrative API](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/admin-cloud-api) to trigger a CI job to run.
```

> - For providers without native integration, you can still use the git clone method to import your git URL and leverage the [dbt Cloud Administrative API](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/admin-cloud-api) to trigger a CI job to run.

Reviewer 2: let's link to the git clone doc
```suggestion
- For providers without native integration, you can still use the [Git clone method](/docs/cloud/git/import-a-project-by-git-url) to import your git URL and leverage the [dbt Cloud Administrative API](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/admin-cloud-api) to trigger a CI job to run.
```

The following table outlines the available integration options and their corresponding capabilities.

> | **Git provider** | **Native dbt Cloud integration** | **Automated CI job**|**Git import with URL**| **Information**|

Reviewer 2: let's change this to git clone so it's consistent with the rest of the docs and our ui
```suggestion
| **Git provider** | **Native dbt Cloud integration** | **Automated CI job**|**Git clone**| **Information**|
```

| -----------------| ---------------------------------| -------------------------------------------|-----------------------|---------|
|[Azure DevOps](/docs/cloud/git/setup-azure)<br /> <Lifecycle status="enterprise" />|  ✅|  ✅ |  ✅  | Organizations on the Team  and Developer plans can connect to Azure DeveOps using a deploy key. Note, you won’t be able to configure automated CI jobs but you can still develop.|
|[GitHub](/docs/cloud/git/connect-github)<br /> <Lifecycle status="developer,team,enterprise" /> | ✅ | ✅ |  ✅         |                                  
|[GitLab](/docs/cloud/git/connect-gitlab)<br /> <Lifecycle status="developer,team,enterprise" /> | ✅ | ✅ |  ✅         |

> |All other git providers imported with a [git URL](/docs/cloud/git/import-a-project-by-git-url) ([BitBucket](/docs/cloud/git/import-a-project-by-git-url#bitbucket), [AWS CodeCommit](/docs/cloud/git/import-a-project-by-git-url#aws-codecommit), and others)| ❌    | ❌    | ✅   | Refer to the [Customizing CI/CD with custom pipelines](/guides/custom-cicd-pipelines?step=1) guide to set up continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD).|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|All other git providers using [Git clone](/docs/cloud/git/import-a-project-by-git-url) ([BitBucket](/docs/cloud/git/import-a-project-by-git-url#bitbucket), [AWS CodeCommit](/docs/cloud/git/import-a-project-by-git-url#aws-codecommit), and others)| ❌    | ❌    | ✅   | Refer to the [Customizing CI/CD with custom pipelines](/guides/custom-cicd-pipelines?step=1) guide to set up continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD).|
```

> If your git provider has a native dbt Cloud integration, you can set up [continuous integration (CI) job](/docs/deploy/ci-jobs) within dbt Cloud. For providers without native integration, you can still use a Git URL. The following table explains the available integration options and their capabilities.

Reviewer 2: also for this snippet, to address Joel's issue and [my suggestion](https://www.notion.so/dbtlabs/Clarify-what-git-providers-support-CI-160bb38ebda780c090ddec8a3bbbfb1d?pvs=4#161bb38ebda7802cb985fade7084b021) -- should this snippet table also be used in the git configuration page (e.g. maybe the landing page or git url page)?

>t'd be useful to just have that listed in the CI docs as well as the configure git docs

| **Git provider** | **Native dbt Cloud integration** | **Automated CI job**|**Git import with URL**| **Information**|
| -----------------| ---------------------------------| -------------------------------------------|-----------------------|---------|

> |[Azure DevOps](/docs/cloud/git/setup-azure)<br /> <Lifecycle status="enterprise" />|  ✅|  ✅ |  ✅  | Organizations on the Team Plan can connect to Azure DeveOps via deploy key. Note, you won’t get the automated CI jobs but you can still develop.|

Reviewer 2: @nataliefiann can only team plan users connect via the deploy key? what about dev plan?

> |[Azure DevOps](/docs/cloud/git/setup-azure)<br /> <Lifecycle status="enterprise" />|  ✅|  ✅ |  ✅  | Organizations on the Team Plan can connect to Azure DeveOps via deploy key. Note, you won’t get the automated CI jobs but you can still develop.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|[Azure DevOps](/docs/cloud/git/setup-azure)<br /> <Lifecycle status="enterprise" />|  ✅|  ✅ |  ✅  | Team plans can connect to Azure DeveOps using a deploy key. Note, you won’t be able to configure automated CI jobs but you can still develop. |
```
